=head1 Twitirc

IRC bot to filter twitter stream api and to publish updates.

=head3 Version 0.1

=head2 Install
    
If you have curl, you can install all you need just running:

    > bin/install_deps.sh

=head2 Config

    conf/twitirc.conf

Just a json file for IRC and twitter configuration and state storage.

    {
       "host":     "irc.perl.org",
       "nickname": "twitirc",
       "channels": [ "#madrid.pm" ],
       "twitter":  {
          "filter":"perl,madrid,perlmongers",
          "access_token_secret":"XXX",
          "access_token":"XXX",
          "consumer_secret":"XXX",
          "consumer_key":"XXX"
       }
    }

=head2 Run

    bin/twitirc

=head2 Commands

Any message sended on the channels the bot is listening that start with
exclamation mark (!command) are interpreted as a command, then, no all
commands exists, so, try !help

Only channel op/voice's are trusted by the bot.

=head3 !help

Ask for bot usage to himself.

=head3 !filter [ view | [add|del] term ]

View or modify search terms for the live twitter stream api. Messages
passing this filter will be broadcasted to the first configured channel.

=head3 !tweet [ text to update twitter ]

Post an update to the bot twitter account.

=head3 !retweet [ other tweet ID ]

Retweet by api ID.

=head3 !reply [ other tweet ID ] [ reply message ]

Reply some tweet by its api ID.

=head3 !broadcast_rt [ on | off ]

Broadcast filtered retweets or not. That's the question!

=cut

=head2 Licence

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of either: the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; or the Artistic License.

See http://dev.perl.org/licenses/ for more information.
